Hi Fellows!

Generally, my webliero fun mod is based on 3 types of changes - wherein all changes relate to weapon settings (I didn't change gravity, rope and other main "physics" parameters of the gameplay - I used settings from promode rerevisited). These types are:

a) new weapons created;
b) some changes made to old weapons;
c) some weapons removed.

I. New weapons:

1) wurm's cripple bullet - a bazooka-shaped bullet, which - after hitting the target - splatters into dirt that "freezes" the opponent for some time; the opponent have only some time to dig the dirt and escape from the trap, because the dirt explodes and does many damage. Ammo: 2 in the clip. It has "Wurm" in its name, as a tribute to another user (with a nickname Wurm) who was the originator of this weapon (I made his idea come true!)

2) kamikaze - I think I do not have to explain how it works :) the user dies immediately, but also a napalm trail is created which takes some damage around in a big area (that can kill opponent).

3) blaster - a weapon used by droids in Star Wars, i.e. the pistol which shoots a kind of laser-beam bullets, that are very fast. Ammo: 15 in the clip.

4) dragon flies - you throw a mine-shaped bomb (which pretends to be an egg :P), that explodes after some time; after the explosion, two fire balls (each one has a fiery tail) "hatch" from the bomb (so that I wrote the bomb pretends to be an egg), called "dragon flies". These dragon flies float around the map for a short time in a random way, doing damage to anyone who touches them (so you can say they "bite" :P).

5) kienzan - a kind of energetic circular saw that appears around the user, doing damage to anyone who is in the range of it. The name refers to "Dragon Ball" anime series (kienzan is a kikoha used by Kuririn-san).

6) andre's magnetic shield - it creates a kind of square-shaped (don't ask me why it is not round!) energetic barrier around the user. This barrier can bounce almost all enemy's shots (except for rifle actually). It has "Andre" in its name, as a tribute to another user (with a nickname And_re) who helped me developing this weapon (thanks dude!)

7) nuclear rain - it creates golden rain on a big area which falls down to the ground and does damage to anyone within its range.

8) senzu bean - a special one healing weapon. It restores your hp to the maximum level if used. It can be used only once per single life (the loading time is actually 99999999, so it is almost impossible to load it again during one match). The name refers to "Dragon Ball" anime series also.

9) regeneration - another healing weapon, which also can be used once per singe life. The difference between regeneration and senzu bean, is that regeneration restores hp not for instance (like senzu), but slowly, approximately 0.5 hp per one milisec.

10) doppelgaenger - actually, it is booby trap, but converted so that now it looks like blue worm (sic!) that moves when bouncing on the map. The doppel also throws a mini-nuke shaped bombs, which are not "real" mini nukes (they do only a little damage) - only to distract the opponents.

11) shockwave bomb - a bomb which creates a kind of shockwave after the explosion. The shockwave does some damage to worms, but do not destroy the ground.

12) Balrog's whip - a narrow yellow ray with which you can catch your opponent like for a lasso. That is, it does some damage and instead of pushing the opponent, it pulls him strongly towards the one who shoots. The name refers to a powerful demon from Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings" book - Balrog, whose weapon was a fiery magic whip (which he used to grab Gandalf and take him to the abyss - "RUN, YOU FOOLS!" scene :D).

13) hot steam - as the name suggests, it ejects a cloud of hot steam for some time that burns worms and deals damage to them.

14) toxic smoke - a weapon similar to hot steam, except that instead of steam, toxic smoke rises: P the difference is that the smoke inflicts damage slower than hot steam and bounces off obstacles (in contrast to steam, with which you can, for example, dig the ground)

15) railgun - it shoots a very fast, golden beam of energy that deals a lot of damage on hit. Similar to rifle actually.

16) corpse slasher - a kind of easter egg weapon actually. It is actually mini rockets, with the difference that there are fewer bullets (7) which, after hitting the target, eject poisonous worm corpses.

17) szarnywirk's drone - a missile-type weapon (cuz it looks like MISSILE and you can control the bullet, but it flies much slower than missile). The drone - while floating - shoots smaller bullets (like in minigun, but less amount) automatically in one direction, which you can change by changing the bullet's position in the air. It has "Szarnywirk" in its name, as a tribute to another user (with a nickname Szarnywirk) who actually invented this weapon (I only made some changes) and agreed to share it to my mod (thanks dude!).

18) ectoplasm gun - a weapon similar to railgun (i.e. shoots a very fast bullet that deals a lot of damage on hit), but the bullet is green-coloured and the splinters are also green - like ectoplasm.

II. Changes made to old weapons (comparing to rerevisited version by Scharnvirk):

1) laser - changed the colour from red to yellow, changed the name into "solar beam" and added some splinters after hit.

2) throw knife - changed the name to "tomahawk", changed the delay from 5 to 0, changed bullet speed from 3.5 to 3.7, changed hit damage from 24 to 18 and made it not stick the walls but falls down the ground.

3) dynamite (explosives) - changed the name into "firecracker", changed recoil from 0 to 0.1 and changed loading time from 200 to 300.

4) missile - changed name to "fiery missile" and added some fire trail to the bullet to make it looks more effective.

5) gauss gun - renamed to "coil gun",  made the bullet bounce and added some extra damage.

I also made more changes to other old weapons (like less particles in cluster pod and spikes etc.), generally to make aoe weapons weaker and "aiming" weapons stronger. If you like to, I will make a list of full changes.

III. Weapons removed:

actually, I removed only 1 weapon from the original promode rerevisited: winchester (it was replaced by BLASTER, however it's quite different). There is also one weapon removed comparing to original promode revisited, i.e. crackfield - but it was Scharnvirk who removed it, not me; as I mentioned before, my mod was based on Scharnvirk's rere version, so it also contains acid fan added and dynamite (FIRECRACKER in my mod) instead of grenade.

**Roo**
